Let me ask you something. Do you
secretly feel guilty when things are
going too easy? Because I did. I thought
that I am only worthy when I'm
struggling. I thought if I'm not
fighting for my success, it wasn't
valid. But the truth is struggling is
not something you get the price for.
Struggling is not noble. Struggling is
survival mode. Hi guys, welcome back to
my channel. My name is Michaela and
today I want to talk about how to get
out of survival mode for good. First of
all, I want you to understand that
survival mode is when your nervous
system is in constant fight or flight.
It's when everything feels like a
struggle and you keep reacting to life.
And when you react to life, you cannot
create anything. And your decisions are
not coming from power, from vision, from
dreams. They are coming from stress,
pressure, and fear. And you know what
the worst part is? If you stay in
survival mode for too long, it becomes
your reality. It becomes your normal.
And you don't even realize that you're
actually stuck in survival mode. And you
don't even realize that there is
something more for you waiting. You
don't even realize that you can achieve
the same and even more without all that
stress. The first step to get out of
survival mode is to recognize that you
are in survival mode and that you are
addicted to struggle. And if this
sentence alone doesn't sit you well,
then that's one confirmation that you
are addicted to struggle. So every time
when things get easy, you think
something is wrong. Every time when
things start to flow in a harmonious
way, you start almost to create struggle
because you think nothing is going on,
nothing is working because you're not
used to no resistance. You're not used
to something that flows easily into your
life. So you're creating more and more
struggles. Your mind tells you without
struggles you cannot win. Without
struggles you cannot be successful.
Without struggles you cannot change.
Without struggles and strength and power
and hardship you cannot get anywhere.
And struggle is not only something that
prevents you or almost destroys your
femininity. Struggle is not noble
either. And struggle is super
inefficient. when you keep struggling
and when you're addicted to struggles,
you will end up doing always more than
necessary because you're used to a
struggle. So, for example, I have a
friend, she's a great person, but she is
so addicted to struggle and she doesn't
even know that. And because she is so
addicted to struggle, when her life
starts to flow with ease, suddenly
another bad thing happens. Suddenly
another hardship comes towards her in
order for her to reconfirm and reinstate
that yes I need to get through struggles
to get something good but if you imagine
now there is a life your life it starts
going great and you're not used to your
life being easy everything flows easy
money flows in easy without you doing
over hours over working over extending
yourself then you will think wait a
second something is wrong not
consciously but unconsciously your body
will think oh wait a second I'm in an
environment that is unknown to me I need
to change something so you are starting
to create struggles you are starting to
do more and overextend yourself in order
to reconfirm your belief to reinstate
that belief that you need to struggle to
get something. And as I said, I was
there for such a long time as well, so I
really speak from experience. Once you
start to understand that you're addicted
to that struggle, you're being more
aware of it and your life starts to slow
down for a bit. You need to start to
choose ease instead of resistance. And
when you do that, everything will start
shifting. And this has also so much to
do with manifestation because of course
when you are always in survival mode in
struggle in stress. If you have listened
to any of my previous videos you will
know by now that anything that you are
you will create and get more in life. So
you are stress and struggles. You will
get stress and struggles. If you want
ease, money, and flow, then you need to
be first ease, money, and flow. Because
at the end of the day, the universe
doesn't reward exhaustion. That's just
your mind telling you that you need to
be in exhaustion because that's what you
learned yourself. That's what you
experienced for such a long time in your
life. So, you need to rewire that
belief. You need to rewire your brain in
order for the universe to be able to
give you the blessings you deserve. The
next step is stop making bare minimum
choices. When you are in survival mode,
you keep making choices that keep you
low in that survival mode. So you settle
and you accept just enough to survive.
But then also you wonder why you keep
being stuck in that same loop over and
over again. The fastest way out of this,
start acting like you expect more.
Instead of thinking, what's the cheapest
way to go from my place to the cinema,
you are asking yourself, what's the most
expensive way to go from my place to the
cinema, you have to really upgrade your
standards in all areas of your life. And
once you do that, even if it feels
uncomfortable at first, you will rewire
your brain. So you can always choose
quality over any cheap experience. And
this doesn't have to do with money
because you can always decide to for
example buy organic eggs or buy the
cheapest eggs and in a big quantity. But
the difference is how you feel and what
you rewire to your brain. If I'm going
for the cheapest eggs all the time, I'm
rewiring my brain that I do not deserve
more. I need to save money. I cannot
spend so much money on eggs. I cannot
get the best quality because then I'm in
a struggle again. And that way, instead
of buying many eggs for a cheap price,
buy the organic eggs, even if it's less
of an amount of eggs, but you're
rewiring your brain that you deserve
high quality, that you deserve the best
and not just the bare minimum. And the
same is with relationships, the same is
with friendships, the same is with
taking care of yourself. You can always,
always, always change your standards.
And by that I mean you can always
upgrade your standards. If before you
were fine with your boyfriend not giving
you flowers, that's okay. But from now
on you want flowers, you want every week
flowers, you want everyday flowers. Of
course, depends on which financial
situation you guys are, but always
upgrade your standards slowly to the
life that you want. The next step is
shift from reaction to intention. As I
said earlier in this video, when you're
in survival mode, when you're in
constant stress, you are always reacting
to circumstances and to your life. And
when you are reacting, it comes from an
emotional place. And you do not have any
space, any mental space, any energetic
space to create anything. So you need to
learn to always go with intention
instead of reaction. And you can start
this easily with changing your mornings.
Instead of having the alarm going and
going and snoozing and then going and
snoozing and going, you can set your
intention the day before. You say, "I am
waking up at 700 a.m. because I want to
take care of myself before I go to work.
I want to drink my coffee, drink my tea
in the morning with ease. I want to
write down 10 things that I'm grateful
for in the morning. I want to maybe even
go to the gym before I go to work." This
is with intention. But if you are
reacting, then your alarm keeps ringing.
You will wake up and you will be
completely out of the blue, not knowing
what day it is, where you are, rushing
to work, maybe sipping your coffee while
running to the car, while running to the
metro station, getting annoyed by your
co-workers, getting annoyed by so much
work, rushing, doing this, doing that.
That's a complete different approach to
your day than when you start with
intention. Every day I want you to ask
yourself, what do I want to create
today? And whatever that is, it should
bring you one step closer to your dream
life, to your life full of ease, full of
love, full of wealth, and full of
blessings. And even if you cannot change
your job within a day, if you do not
know how to now be an influencer, how to
start your own business, you can get one
step a day closer to that dream that you
have by having an intention. If I'm
waking up with my intention today, I
want to create videos. I want to earn
money. I want to find new ways of
earning money. That's something I have
an intention to and I'm going to do and
nothing can make me hold away from that.
If I'm saying I'm posting 10 videos
today, I am doing that with intention.
And even if things happen, I'm still
doing it because that's my intention
that brings me closer to my dream. Or if
I'm saying I want to lose weight and I'm
going to the gym, I'm doing it every
single day. Even if it's raining
outside, even if it's cold in the gym,
even if I don't feel like because my
intention is clear and I know where I
want to go to. I know my dream body. So,
I'm doing everything with intention to
get to that dream body. The next step is
heal your relationship with receiving.
Be honest with yourself. Do you actually
let yourself receive? And with receive,
I don't mean just money, gifts, or
anything physical material. I mean
receiving help, receiving compliments,
receiving love, receiving good moments
in life, receiving change, receiving
blessings. You can receive so many
things. But if you're uncomfortable with
receiving and you're just used to give
and do and struggle then of course
universe is not able to give you
something because you are not receiving
it. You always have to think about a
gift that you give to your friend. If
your friend doesn't want to receive your
gift, if your friend doesn't open the
hands with gratitude for that gift and
takes it to him or to her, the friend
will not receive the gift even though
you want to give it. So you need to be
able to receive the gift from the
universe in order to get the gift.
Abundance is not about chasing and
chasing and chasing more. Abundance is
only about opening yourself up and being
able to receive. And a woman that is
pushing away and pushing away and
pushing away is not able to receive. So
I want you to learn to say yes to help,
yes to love, yes to gifts, yes to
compliments, whatever it is, say yes.
Say yes and do not feel guilty. If
someone offers you money, say yes. Thank
you. If someone offers you to help you
with the shopping bag, say yes. If your
friend offers you to help with your
moving, say yes, please. Step five, and
the last one, stop waiting for that one
day. And this was my biggest mistake. I
always kept saying once I'm skinny
enough, once I'm able to talk more
fluent, once I am talking better in
English, once I'm looking a certain
specific way, I will do it. I will get a
model job. I will start my YouTube
channel. I will be able to get viral on
Instagram. I kept telling myself once I
have something I will be able to reach
another thing. But guess what? That's
absolute BS and it never comes. That
moment never comes. You need to start
from where you are right now in order to
get where you want to go. You need to
start with your mistakes, with your
flaws, with your insecurities in order
to get where you want to go. I started
my YouTube channel and I was not
confident at all. Look at my videos
before. I was doing street interview
videos asking the weirdest questions on
earth just because I decided I'm going
to start from where I am right now. I
don't need to look perfect. I don't need
to talk perfect. I don't need to have
all the knowledge. I don't need to be at
a certain stage in my life. I can start
right now. And that's what I did because
at the end when you keep waiting for
that one day that's just another way of
being in survival mode. You just tell
yourself you are not good enough to get
success to get to your dreams to reach a
specific goal and you tell yourself that
over and over again. You say over and
over again, I'm not good enough with
telling yourself you need to first get
something else done in order to reach
what you really want to reach. In order
to start what you really want to start,
the secret is always to start living
like the woman you want to be now in
order to receive that feeling that you
want to feel later. again. Move like the
woman that already has everything she
wants. Move like the woman that already
reached all her goals. Move like a
wealthy woman. Move like a beautiful
woman. Move like a woman that has
confidence even if you don't have it.
Again, that's all about manifestation.
To be before you get what you actually
want. And that's when your whole life
will start to shift. When you want to be
an influencer, for example, you just act
like an influencer before you are. All
the girls that I know, the really
successful influencer girls, they got
successful because they did the work
before they were successful. They saw
their influencer job as a job. Before it
was a job, before they even earned $1,
they sat 8 hours a day in front of their
phone, recorded, edited, and posted all
day long, seven days a week. They worked
even more than they did in their
corporate jobs because they had a dream.
And if you have a dream and you start
every day with showing up as the woman
that you want to be every day already,
then there is no other way that you will
reach where you want to be. There is no
other way that you will get out of
survival mode. There is no other way
that you will live your dream life
sooner or later. I'm not saying you will
live it tomorrow. I'm not saying you
will live it next week. I'm not saying
you will live it in one month, but you
will eventually reach it when the time
is right for you. I want to say to end
this video, you were not born with
struggle. You were not put on this
earth, on this crazy big mother earth to
struggle and to fight for the bare
minimum. No, you weren't. Nobody was.
You were meant for so much more. And you
have dreams because you were meant to
reach that dreams. So I want you to
remember that every single day that you
were meant to reach more than you can
even imagine. And if you are still
operating in your survival mode, I hope
that this is the day where you said, "I
have had enough from living in survival
mode. I'm going to change this right
now." because you are empowered to
change whatever you want to change. You
just need to say, "I'm done with this
version of me." Anyways, guys, thank you
so much for watching. It's getting dark
here, and I hope you could take away
something from it. I hope you will start
living in abundance from today. And
yeah, I see you in my next video. I love
you so, so much. Bye-bye.